feat: allow ports to be customised via env vars (#379)
finos/git-proxy: website/docs/configuration/overview.mdx

npx -- @finos/git-proxy --config ./config.json
```

### Change ports
By default, Git Proxy uses port 8000 to expose the Git Server and 8080 for the UI frontend; 
you can change ports by setting the `GIT_PROXY_SERVER_PORT` and `GIT_PROXY_UI_PORT` 
environment variables.

Note that `GIT_PROXY_UI_PORT` is needed for both server and UI Node processes, 

> whereas `GIT_PROXY_SERVER_PORT` is only needed by the server process.

Reviewer: maybe also add an example of how to set the env vars via command line

npx -- @finos/git-proxy --config ./config.json
```

> ### Change ports

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Set ports with ENV variables
```

> By default, Git Proxy uses port 8000 to expose the Git Server and 8080 for the UI frontend; 

Reviewer: [optional]

```suggestion
By default, Git Proxy uses port 8000 to expose the Git Server and 8080 for the client application.
```

client application may sound better here

> you can change ports by setting the `GIT_PROXY_SERVER_PORT` and `GIT_PROXY_UI_PORT` 

Reviewer: [optional]

```suggestion
The ports can be changed by setting the `GIT_PROXY_SERVER_PORT` and `GIT_PROXY_UI_PORT` 
```

IMO: For documentation it is best to keep the language impersonal and objective..

so no `I`, `me` or `you`
